Mrs. Clinton will appear in Michigan, a state dense with working-class voters. She lost the Democratic primary contest there to Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. President Obama will also head to Michigan, making a stop in Ann Arbor to boost support among the Democratic base.Mr. Trump’s schedule includes four states: Florida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and New Hampshire.On Sunday, the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, sent a letter to Congress saying an analysis of the emails found on former Representative Anthony D. Weiner’s laptop did not change the bureau’s decision from the summer that Mrs. Clinton should face no charges in the investigation of her emails.Continue reading the main storyThis will very likely drive much of the news of the day.Trump and Clinton hold dueling speechesIn dueling speeches delivered at their early campaign events on Monday, Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump tried to rally swing state voters while leveling some final attacks at each other.At a rally in Pittsburgh, Mrs. Clinton decried Mr. Trump’s “negative, divisive, hateful” presidential campaign and said that she was prepared to unite the country.“I’ve got to say, anger is not a plan, my friends,” Mrs. Clinton said, calling for renewed dialogue across party lines.For Mr. Trump, the anger that has fueled his campaign was on full display at a rally in Sarasota, Fla., where he lashed out at Jay Z and Beyonce for using “lewd” language while performing at an event for Mrs. Clinton and chastised his opponent for being a hypocrite.“If I ever used those words it would be the reinstitution of the electric chair,” Mr. Trump said, referring to the profanity used by the performers. “And yet with me, ‘he’s very lewd.’”Returning to Mrs. Clinton, he added, “She’s such a phony.”The Trump campaign ‘accepts’ the decision on Clinton’s emails.While Mr. Trump continued to bemoan a rigged justice system, his campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, acknowledged on Monday that it was time to move on.“I do accept that,” Ms. Conway said on ABC’s “Good Morning America” program when asked about the F.B.I.’s decision not to charge Mrs. Clinton over her use of a private email server.Ms. Conway continued to point to the saga over Mrs. Clinton’s emails as evidence that Mrs. Clinton is not trustworthy and she argued that the ongoing discussion over her case was still damaging.“It doesn’t help Hillary Clinton that we’re still talking about the emails,” Ms. Conway said. “I think she would rather be on a more positive message.”Obama expresses confidence in Comey.President Obama does not believe that Mr. Comey is using his position to help a particular candidate or political party, his spokesman said on Monday.The president’s views on Mr. Comey “have not changed,” said Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, following the F.B.I. chief’s latest letter, in which he told lawmakers that the newly surfaced messages did not change his conclusion from last summer about any charges being brought against Mrs. Clinton.Mr. Obama “continues to have confidence in his ability to run the F.B.I.,” Mr. Earnest told reporters traveling with Mr. Obama on Air Force One on Monday.“The president is entirely confident that Director Comey is not using his authority to advantage a particular political candidate or a particular political party,” he added.